You Kon'nichiwa
Influence
Then
Released on September 8
I would like to introduce the produced eyeliner
I was allowed to produce 2 colors of 2 Tsuguraun and Black, but it is really old days
I-line
I have a particular interest in Japan, so this time I stuffed everything that I was stuck with
Now over that love
so
It's waterproof and it's hard to fall off and it's easy to dry out when you 're writing it
It has become two colors of Blan and black of firm dry and tight adhesion
It might be the design of the package of this
I tried to design such a noticeable color that looks good
Not even in such a feeling
Do you think
Also introduction of Toka little point at the time of the eye line but today that his
We want to Restoration
Not a meet I'd come pretty even Toka comments first say that difficult to write Eyeliner
So slow
It's the point to write and it's a big deficit
Stuffy in the Meiji Ri road
Going to heat
After 10, it is cotton mucous membrane in this of eyes
If I'll fill in A well
I'd be feeling that patch when you open pretty eyes
As I pulled the skin narrowly rather than pulling the eyeliner too thick, and because the width of several cars is rising
I think it looks big because the range of entering is wide
When I want to make it look like this I
I have got some high lines
I 'm positive with my eyes open
This is when you want to show off
If I write only the upper part of the eyes a little thicker
I think I 'm finished with a womanish that is thick but
Ainano's too bad for me
If both of them are close to nine, they will fall apart on both the left and right side.
I was not good at it
Do not he be everyone going to become a darling to true in order to immediately practice bought a make
Practice track record's But
Please try to light up also thank you Ma
Pie pan was cracked when Mizuki tee in
How are you today's videos? Please register from the registration button below